-=[ ZiM 2.0 BETA ]=-

ZiM is derived from the Icey Depths 0.9 codebase.  Development started
in 2002.  In 2005 it evolved to version 2.0 with major changes to 
class balance, code stability, debugging, immortal commands and 
communications commands.  Many new skills and spells have been added.

Coding:
       Chiefly by Zsuzsu
       contributions by Thornan, Thorel, Alamor, Daphais,
                        Fronz, Alcerion, & Loren

New Areas:
       Thornan, Nalaeya, Sadin, Kira, Alamor, Daphais, Shaelindra, Thorel

Play Testing thanks to:
       Lucian, Uther, Sunian, Elial, Serion, Aram, Azureth, Raek
       Rathmine, Tevesh and others.

	
-=[ Feature Highlights ]=-
 * World / Zone affects
 	Can be limited to certain player levels, or a selected zone.
	Free For All, PvP & PvM damage modifiers, Double Exp, Double
	Gold drops, World Peace and more.  These persist through
	reboots.  Also, global configurations of the system at boot time.

 * True Lifer 
	Hardcore mode (no resurrection).  This can be a personal
	choice, or the entire world can be set up this way for a
	pretty interesting environment or event.

 * Record of Time On-line
 	The server records time online for each character and uses
	this to calculate certain benefits for the character as well
	as status in their clan.

 * Artifact restrictions based on time-online
 	So you don't have mule characters keeping your best limited
	items in pdata files.

 * Awards, Medals and Scalps
 	Rewards for contests and quests.  Scalps show off PvP kills.

 * Clans
 	Clan warfare fixed.  Items now control clan powers.  Lots of 
	rules regarding clan invasions to counter cheap-defense
	and offense tactics.

 * Gods / Reputation
 	Cleric and Paladin skills grow more powerful as their
	reputation increases.  Also, Good, Neutral and Evil clerics
	have differing skillsets.

 * Lots of new skills
 	Delve, Drunkeness, Condemn, Intoxicate, Sobriety, Enslavement,
	Double Grip, Paranoia, Summon Zombie, Scalp, Undead flesh,
	Devour (heal undead), Prismic Beam, and Pollen, Bush sense, 
	Poison Bolt, Clairvoyance, Traps, Lash, Sakura and more
	New rogue commands (unfinished class)
	   - rummage - take a peek into someone's container
	   - furtive_riffle - look into a worn container
	   - pilfer - steal items from someone's worn container
	   - switcheroo - swapped worn items on someone
	   - PK-ok - if a lower level player harasses a higher level
	   	player in PK range (or steals from their corpse killed
		by another, the will always be PKable by that higher
		level player until he kills them)
	   - plant - an item on a character

 * Enslavement
	Public shame, if you can't kill your enslaver.  The Nightfall
	clan dominates Ruler in this way.

 * New affects
 	Paranoia - so you can't be KOed twice in 30 seconds
	Dessent - charmies revolt against their owners
	Dishonor - dishonored samuria have it rough
	Arial - funny language

 * Characters
 	Hero is lvl 60.  Ethos by reputation.  Any race = any class.
	Stats are based on 100.  No upper limit.  Rolled stats
	are relative to your race.  Level gains look at what you've
	been wearing the whole level, rather than at DING.  Skills
	have requirements, some races need magic to help them
	learn some skills (Troll Necros, for instance).  Encumberance
	also matters for dodge and movement.

 * OLC
 	Improved OLC editor.  Editors for materials.  Different
	weapon types have different stats.

 * Rework of Channels & Communication

 * IMM commands
 	Lots of new WIZNET notifications so you can tell what's going 
	on in the realm.  Who got PKilled, Who looted what from whom,
	Who took out the best mob in the game, Who is alt-dropping
	items between their multies to cheat.  Monitor the economy.

	Pdata - review player data when they are off-line
	Sign - sign notes with different NPC names for Quests
	Reposess - reclaim limiteds from deadbeat player files
	slang - you can now speak the native PC tongues
	gtrans - transfer whole groups
	award - prizes, quest points, etc
	anoncolor - IMMs stay anonymous but keep a random color
		per their session so PCs can follow debates
	ofind - to find specific items on characters
	scatter - items or mobs for quests
	pload & puload - I think these have severe bugs in them.  Do
		not use them unless you've fixed the code

 * Lots of bugs fixed and stability improvements.  Lots.

Zsuzsu spent two years coding and designing most of these changes.
Unfortunately, she never finished the Rogue class that was to replace
the Thief class.  Nor the consecrate weapon idea.  Most of the code is
complete, though.  Her additions and work are hereby contributed to
the Public Domain.  She would appreciate if you gave her due credit for 
her work, but realizes you probably won't.

For a more specific list of features, check out doc/changes.txt
